CHAPTERS: 
00:00 Introduction to the C-Suite Cyber Podcast
03:08 Emerging Cyber Threats and Trends
05:59 Introducing Tyler York and Wire Technology
09:04 Understanding Managed Service Providers (MSPs)
12:03 Client Needs and Service Offerings
14:57 Industry Insights: Manufacturing vs. Nonprofits
18:05 Challenges in Cybersecurity Compliance
21:02 The Role of Regulation in Cybersecurity
24:11 The Future of Cybersecurity and Compliance
26:47 Scaling Challenges for Managed Service Providers
32:40 Authenticity in Sales and Cold Calling
33:58 Challenges of Hiring and Training Entry-Level Staff
36:00 The Importance of Character in Hiring
38:53 Reputation Management in Business
41:06 The Role of Trust in Cybersecurity
43:55 Navigating Vulnerabilities and Client Relationships
48:07 The Human Element in Cybersecurity Mistakes
51:52 The Impact of Legacy Code on Security
56:06 Lessons from Power Generation and Cybersecurity
59:41 The Importance of Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
01:01:21 Impact of Real-World Examples in Security Reports
01:03:27 The Role of Context in Vulnerability Assessments
01:05:15 Crafting an Impactful Narrative in Pen Testing
01:07:11 Navigating Ethical Boundaries in Penetration Testing
01:09:29 Legal Risks in Penetration Testing
01:11:24 Physical Penetration Testing Experiences
01:13:42 Training for Physical Security Assessments
01:18:24 Challenges in Securing Managed Service Providers (MSPs)
01:32:16 Understanding MFA and Security Controls
01:34:31 Client Priorities: Uptime vs. Security
01:35:45 Risk Assessments in Client Onboarding
01:38:12 Cyber Insurance: Claims and Coverage
01:40:41 The Future of MSP Regulations
01:45:25 Cybersecurity in Education: A Call for Action
01:50:07 The Role of AI in Cybersecurity
02:01:52 Integrating AI into Managed Services


AJ (00:01)
Hello and welcome back to episode nine of the C-suite cyber podcast. The C-suite cyber podcast enables C-suite executives to make security informed decisions. What's going on, Mike?

Mike (00:11)
Yeah, we got another guest today. This is someone from your side and we'll introduce him in a bit. We'll knock out the beginning stuff. We'll do an intro for ourselves. We'll talk about any updates and then we'll dive right into the podcast. Yeah, that's what's going on. What have you been working on since the last episode?

AJ (00:32)
You know, there's been a whole lot. There's this interesting, someone called it Google spoofing. It's not really spoofing. It's coming from Google, but using Google Maps or Google drawings or classroom to basically send links into people for them to click on, which takes them to a fake Captcha. And then the Captcha has a link embedded. So when they click on that, they get redirected to a crypto page or something. It's not a very good.

attack if we're being honest because how many people actually have forgotten crypto accounts that they want to log into. But it could be used obviously to fish credentials if they put up a fake 0365 or a Google since it's coming from a Google. So there's potential but the stuff I've seen it's just not too great man. What have you been up to?

Mike (01:24)
Nothing cool. I've really just been working on our stuff, working on getting social media stuff up, YouTube videos, figuring out the live stream schedule. Other than that, nothing fun except for the snow here in Charleston. That's kind of fun. Yeah.

AJ (01:38)
Yeah, snowy beach.

Pentecostal got snow too.

Mike (01:43)
really? All the way down that far? Jeez. Did y'all get any over in Tennessee?

Tyler (01:46)
in New Orleans. New Orleans got a lot of things.

AJ (01:48)
Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

Mike (01:52)
Like how many inches? They said we got nine.

Tyler (01:55)
Mm.

AJ (01:55)
I think we got, well,

not that much.

Mike (01:57)
Really? I figured y'all would get more than us.

Tyler (02:00)
Like five.

AJ (02:00)
No,

yeah, 5-4. He's on a mountain, so he gets more than I do down here.

Mike (02:02)
yeah, so not much.

Yeah, you get to slide down that mountain like a slide. It's funny because I just imagine just trying to get down off the mountain to go to work and just sliding around the corners.

AJ (02:09)
Why is that... Why is that funny?

Tyler (02:19)
Yeah, you just got to.

AJ (02:21)
yeah.

Mike (02:22)
Yeah, not a good time. Cool. Yeah. Yeah, so not a crazy ton of updates. I was gonna ask you who was the group doing that technique? Because I saw it in the news and it looked familiar. Who was it? Do you remember?

AJ (02:37)
I don't know. From what I've seen, it's kind of just a spray and pray attack. I don't know. Maybe there's someone who's like, like I said, using it to its full potential and fishing creds or something else. But the stuff that I've seen, it doesn't really matter. It even, instead of blind copying people, they just have a bunch of addresses in the CC instead of the blind copy. So it's just like, you know, they're lazy. That's what it is.

Tyler (03:08)
Wasn't that it?

Mike (03:08)
Alright, so

let's dive into our intros, man. Go ahead. Introduce me today. What do you got?

AJ (03:14)
I feel like I used all the good stuff last week. All right. He is an adventurous single man for you ladies out there who runs a business, runs his legs, and occasionally runs his mouth. He is Mike Small.

Mike (03:40)
Thanks. Yeah, we've been doing introducing ourselves just for fun like each other. It's hilarious. All right, let's see the man the myth the model the legend Anthony, however, you say his last name also known as AJ The podcast host yeah Yeah, it's so funny like everyone messes his name up just like mine though, like I get all kind of variations of my name

AJ (03:56)
Yeah.

Mike (04:07)
Mikael, Mikael, Michelle. Who knows? All right, so introduce our guest. Who do we have?

AJ (04:07)
Yeah, that's my favorite.

Yeah,

so this here is a friend, a former colleague, former boss, business owner, father, husband, all the good jazz. Mr. Tyler York, we worked together in the Air Force way back when, it's when we actually met. And fun story about that, he was a rope, which for those of you who haven't been through like tech school, a rope is like an authority figure, cause he's older than us.

And so he used to boss us around and a lot of us actually didn't like Tyler in tech school. And then we went to Germany together and we were like, okay, you're not so bad. Like, so we became friends with Tyler once we got into Germany.

Mike (05:02)
He's just too bossy.

AJ (05:04)
Yeah, it's just, arrogant, you know?

Mike (05:11)
Yeah, he really introduced you well, and now in the air again, Tyler. Yeah, that's fair.

AJ (05:15)
Not anymore! We all grow up, we all mature.

Tyler (05:19)
I don't even

remember those days.

AJ (05:23)
This is Tyler York, owner of Wire Technology here in Chattanooga, Tennessee. We'll get into a little bit about what Wire does, what Tyler does. Should be great episode.

Mike (05:37)
That'd be fun. So we actually had some requests about questions about cybersecurity and how like people look at it from the IT perspective, like that round memory and servers. So definitely going to ask some of those questions and pick your brand about that. be definitely be fun.

Tyler (05:37)
to be here.

Cool, excited.

Mike (05:54)
Yeah, usually when I meet people with your background, they're ready to get rid of me as soon as possible. They're like, this security nerd, get him out of here.

AJ (05:59)
You

Tyler (06:01)
No, no.

No we need you.

Mike (06:08)
Alright.

AJ (06:08)
Mike, you starting

questions? Like you tossed me into the deep end with your dad or what?

Mike (06:13)
Oh, I can. I was going to let you ask your questions and I was going to go in on my questions. No, kidding. But yeah, ask yours and I'll dive in in mine. Yeah.

AJ (06:17)
Okay, we can do that.

Okay. so I guess first off, we should probably explain Tyler, what managed service provider is. and then kind of an overview of said services that you provide.

Tyler (06:35)
Sure, so WYRE is an MSP primarily, which means that we do IT as a managed service. Usually that's kind of IT as a whole, kind of outsourced IT from support all the way up to managed cybersecurity and managed strategy, CIO as a service, things like that. In other cases, sometimes we just do a fraction. Sometimes it's managed infrastructure, just servers. Sometimes it's managed network.

It just depends on what the client's needs are. And we work side by side with internal IT teams or internal IT leaders and either we're the hands, you know, we're out there in the field supporting users and remotely supporting users. And other times we're kind of specialists going in and sniping problems. So that's most of the business say 80 % and then 20 % is professional services, doing implementation, server refresh, network designs, things like that.

AJ (07:30)
So you guys do like email, endpoint, network, like what are all the different layers that you touch? And I know you've also had some interesting projects like mining and stuff like that.

Tyler (07:47)
Sure. Yeah, so layers, definitely the most important for us is service. So that's the user. So we're mostly a service company. That's what we say. And so we're taking care of the people who use technology at the companies to do whatever it is that is their mission and whatever it takes to make sure they're taken care of and safe. And cybersecurity is definitely a component of that. So the endpoint, the user, the email, the email security tools.

Microsoft 365 or Google licensing and the configuration of those tenants, the network, the wifi, the firewalls, anything that they use to connect to internal or external networks, server infrastructure, both on-prem, hybrid cloud, whatever their configuration is. In some ways, the SaaS applications, especially if it is integrated with their identity management, then we support sort of that component of it. We're not experts in

Every ERP software or every accounting software or HR whatever that's that's their business But making sure they get into it and that they're doing that in a secure way is where we touch the application layer and then You know beyond that it's strategy as well

AJ (09:04)
Awesome. What do you think is, I guess, the most common package that your customers ask for?

Tyler (09:13)
Most are full most are fully managed and so that's gonna be everything I just said just all rolled up into here's Jesus take the wheel you guys do everything right and they they trust us to run their business from an IT perspective and

advise them on if they need hardware refreshes or they need to invest in cybersecurity or if they need a pen test or if they have a compliance need that we're going to either do it internally or find a partner to manage that for them. So that's most common is going to be full. And what you see there is from your startup and small business up to even a

maybe over 150 employees, 200 employees. That's kind of where you see that. And then usually larger than that, they're gonna have some internal team or a fraction of somebody who has opinions and they're gonna want more of an implementation from us than just everything.

Mike (10:09)
So a question about that. when you do when you say full, how do you how do you determine what they need? Is it you have regular meetings with them to say, Hey, is this working the way you want it to work? What kind of like upgrades do you want coming up? How does that look with the interaction?

Tyler (10:27)
So initially, regardless of what the customer's industry is, we have to go in and kind of learn what they're doing today, what they really need to be doing, and kind of where they're at. Where's the gap there? And we'll take them where they are. We're not going to come in and say, hey, listen, day one, you've got to switch to our preferred vendors, our preferred software. If they've already paid up a year of EDR or whatever it is, we'll kind of take it how it is. And then...

do the best we can with that as long as it's a supported stacker. If they have outdated equipment that's not getting firmware updates, a firewall that's not supported anymore, something like that, or Windows 7, which is still out there quite a bit, or Exchange on-prem, we'll say, listen, we've got to move in this direction, but we'll take them where they're at.

Mike (11:16)
Nice. like, so would you say you do reoccur like you after like the initial you figure out what they're doing, you set a roadmap with them with intentions of where you're going and just start kind of walking to them down that path as your relationship progresses? Wow, I can't talk.

Tyler (11:33)
Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it depends on, so in some cases that needs to happen quickly. You know, if you're really behind, you've got servers that are open wide, you know, to the, to the internet and you've got RDP, uh, pass through the firewall or something like that. You know, we needed to take, take care of that day one. If it's something that doesn't require capital expenses or something like that, uh, we can, we'll make those configuration changes immediately. But if it requires a refresh of the whole network across three manufacturing facilities.

then we've got to kind of phase that in and spread those costs. So we're reasonable. We try to be really reasonable and flexible and kind of just take care of them as what's their mission. It's not necessarily to be at the cutting edge or to have the newest equipment. It's to make parts. And so as long as they can do that safely, that's what we're trying to head towards.

AJ (12:26)
So would you say, you talked about manufacturing and stuff and obviously Chattanooga is a big manufacturing area, but what would you say your breakdown is as far as manufacturing, education, maybe just like different schools, churches, et cetera, if you don't mind.

Tyler (12:43)
Yeah.

So industry-wise, manufacturing is really large for us. Nonprofits, Chattanooga is a strangely huge hub for nonprofits, also for the freight industry. there's a lot of that. So a lot of nonprofits that are larger than you might expect. And then we are helping, we manage certain portions of a large college.

Mike (12:54)
wow.

Tyler (13:08)
And then project-wise, we actually do work for pretty large publicly traded companies, in the network professional services area. Managed services is probably maybe 25, 30 % manufacturing, 25, 30 % nonprofits, 10 % education. And then the rest of it is onesie twosie stuff, know, like one-offs.

Mike (13:34)
Who would you say is your favorite industry to work with and your least favorite?

Tyler (13:41)
man, that's good. the industry is to work with. like manufacturing. like utility companies. have, we have a great utility company that we work with. And I think the reason is because they know that they need, they, have a very clear goal. need to get this much volume out. I need to make sure that our customers receive, utility services and that, that relies on these subsystems.

And they absolutely must run. And we've known for 20 years that it was important and you guys are just doing it the best or you've gotten us out of a tight spot or you've saved us on our operating costs or something. And it's just valuable inherently to them. And you don't have to sell it. You know, we really don't sell it. We just say, if you need it, if you need cybersecurity, if you need service and you already know that, then we try to be the best option for it. And so.

That comes natural. So places where that doesn't happen. Industries that are extremely, like hourly billing, law firms unfortunately come to mind. Places that have, are really counting.

counting their pennies and not necessarily because they don't have the financial strength to pay for IT, but because everything is a call center to certain types of businesses and that's really what they're caring about and they just see it as an expense on P &L and they don't want that. legal is not something that we've cracked the code on how to convey the...

the value of the service. So I think that we'll fix that in the future, but we haven't had a ton of experience in it. But if we've had any challenges, it's been in stuff like that.

Mike (15:31)
There's a managed service company here in Charleston and they pretty much specialize in law firms. Like that's almost all they work with when they do stuff. I was like, that's interesting. because you don't really see that. Yeah.

Tyler (15:40)
Yeah.

Yeah. And

there are like, and I think that it's probably a scale thing as well. Right. So like smaller companies, regardless of industry are going to be having that same mental, mental calculus, trying to figure out how to rationalize. I know I need it, but gosh, I don't want it to be so expensive or, know, it's, it's a challenge. so for us that we don't get the economies of scale in the small, small businesses that we get in the large. so it's actually more.

cost per person from per employee at the customer.

at a smaller level than it is at a larger level. And so we can actually afford to sort of give some, some scale discounts and be more flexible with larger organizations. And then when you get down to small, where you feel like you really want to be that way, it costs almost as much mental energy to have a customer with a handful of employees as it does to have a customer with 50. Now you have other costs that do scale and you still have to increase those costs as you find those larger customers. But it's, it's not as linear as you might think. It's heavily weighted at the beginning.

existing as a business at all takes a significant amount of administrative overhead.

Mike (16:51)
Yeah, that's kind of like how the pen testing world is with smaller businesses. It just doesn't scale well at the smaller companies who may want it. And we had to design like a special more, more cost effective, much expeditious service for them because of that. Like, well, they need it, but they can't afford it. But we really want to help these people because they're the ones getting beat up with all these different attacks. It's like, how do we solve that problem?

Tyler (17:08)
Thank

Thank

Exactly.

Mike (17:21)
it not cost us money to do that. That's so tough.

Tyler (17:24)
And that's what it comes

down to. Like the loss, the loss is real. Like if you, if you don't put enough margin into it, then you end up upside down on a lot of those engagements, even though you really want to do that work and you want to take care of those people. At the end of the day, we have employees to pay as well. And it's a struggle to balance that sometimes because you're more like, gosh, those people really need help. And so what we found is we found some partners that do.

more break fix hourly work that we don't do. And for places that just need somebody to call when their hair's on fire, so nice to have that in our back pocket and be like, these folks are going to take good care of you.

Mike (18:05)
Yeah, that is awesome. I would say like pin testing where all the clients who know that they need it, those are our favorite too, because it's hard to, it's hard to convey the need of a pin test when you've never heard of it. And don't really think about security. It's like, well, you should, you definitely need these hackers to come in and hack some stuff like what? Like, why? Isn't that what I want to stop? Well, yeah, but you need them to stop them, you know, you know what I'm saying?

Tyler (18:32)
Mm-hmm. You get ahead

of it. It's hard to explain risk to someone who hasn't felt the pain. You know, you have to like project that pain onto them. Be like, this is gonna hurt really bad. But then you feel like you're selling. And it's like, we kind of have this aversion to trying to persuade someone. It's like, well, if you decide you need this, I'm probably the right person. Like, see.

Mike (18:35)
Yeah.

AJ (18:36)
Yeah.

Mike (18:46)
Yup.

AJ (18:55)
Yeah.

Mike (18:55)
Yeah,

I hate telling with like FUD. Like that's the word they put there. It makes me feel slimy if I do it. So I don't ever do it. I'm like, well, this is the reason. But you know, like you said, call me if you do find you need it. I'm not going to say here's all the statistics of people losing money. It's a $40 trillion a year. You know, if you need it, you need it. Call me here for you.

Tyler (18:58)
Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm. Yep.

Mm-hmm.

AJ (19:14)
Ha

Tyler (19:18)
Yeah.

Well, regulation

is a double edged sword, right? Like we're, a lot of our clients that are very cybersecurity aware and value services like your own, and in some ways our services as well is due to compliance. And some of our customers provide.

completely regulated services, they're on their, you know, for themselves. And so they lean on us to get them through that. And that's where annual pin tests, things like that become just a no brainer. And so sometimes we're not thankful for regulation, but in that way it is driving the behavior that keeps them safe. So that's good.

Mike (20:01)
How do you feel about working in compliance? I hate it personally, but do you love the act of working through frameworks and making sure they're compliant? Yeah.

Tyler (20:05)
Mm-hmm.

Not personally, not as an individual.

I don't know that I've met many people that just love going through controls and just been like, absolutely we're compliant with that. Like, yes, look at that. Surely those people are out there and I've met some people who really love spreadsheets. So I think that maybe those are closely linked. But we get through it. We do what we have to do for each regulatory framework. And then we...

Mike (20:23)
it

Tyler (20:42)
We try to stick to something ourselves as well. then, and I'm not personally an expert in compliance, but we have those folks on staff. And then we also partner with a couple of outside companies that either consult with us to help us implement these frameworks or they take.

control and our accountability for certain parts of the infrastructure and ensure compliance like what we would have called back in the day, you know, a golden image or something like that for workstations that's certified to be compliant with X regulation. So we kind of partner with people who are experts in each thing. You know, we know we're not good at, or at least we try very hard to know we're not good at. And that's why we partner with folks like Tandem.

Mike (21:28)
mean, that's the best approach to do. We used to do some other stuff and we cut out, we're like, no, we're, and we've had people ask us if we do certain things, we're like, no, we're, we love to hack one. We're good at hacking. That's all we want to do. We don't want to be in the compliance world unless we're like one of those pieces of compliance. We don't want to run the framework business and that, you know, hundred page checklist. That's not us.

Tyler (21:49)
Mm-hmm.

Mike (21:53)
It was horrible. I hated it too. I got so spun up on HIPAA compliance and then the Insurance Data Security Act here. I was just like, I'm miserable when I am studying this to make sure we're doing it right. Screw this. Let's just drop it. Like I don't want to do it. Yeah.

Tyler (22:06)
Yeah, it's tough.

a ton of opportunity in it. Anybody who wants to learn it, anybody listening that is like, what's the most lucrative thing I could learn? I think that that is high on that list, seriously. Getting out there and helping companies become CMMC compliant or any sort of.

Mike (22:13)
Yeah.

Tyler (22:26)
high touch framework that is affecting a high margin industry. That means that industry is gonna have the money to implement that framework and it's gonna be extremely high incentive and low friction sales. So, you know, I see that and it's a huge opportunity, but it's also just a massive challenge. And we're, you know, we're trying and succeeding through partnerships, but we'd love to build a more complete compliance practice internally. So something we're working on.

AJ (22:53)
So, since you mentioned CMMC, you have to explain to the audience what the acronym stands for.

Mike (22:53)
GRC is the thing. Yeah, go ahead.

yeah.

Tyler (23:02)
All right, I'm going to pull up a pad.

AJ (23:04)
You

Mike (23:05)
This is exactly what we do. Like, I don't remember what the acronym means.

Tyler (23:08)
Yeah, you take

AJ (23:09)
Yeah, but it's...

Tyler (23:10)
this.

AJ (23:13)
no, I don't know the acronym. I was just going to say it was for government contracts, essentially.

Mike (23:21)
Y'all looked at speaking of have y'all looked at any of the executive orders coming out? Do you think it's going to go away with some of those?

AJ (23:30)
compliance.

Tyler (23:30)
I

don't know. I don't know yet. I think it's too early to tell.

AJ (23:41)
I there were some, I sent both of you guys the same thing. I I think there were some interesting executive orders that came out specifically like impacting the larger agencies. So DHS being one, right. And for those of you who don't know DHS has a very specific team called Hurt or at least it was back in the day when I interviewed for them stands for hunt and incident response.

Basically, if a corporation gets compromised, they're the team that goes on site and performs the incident response functions as part of the Department of Homeland Security in order to collect evidence and all that stuff. if you see, and I don't know if they're the ones that are directly influencing if we place sanctions against certain individuals or whatever, I just know they go to the corporations, do their incident response.

and they're aligned to Department of Homeland Security, obviously. So I think stuff like that is interesting. Like I saw the bullet typhoon or salt typhoon, whichever typhoon group it was allegedly tied to China investigation has stopped, which is interesting. So there's some trickle down effects that I think will take a few months for us to actually see.

But one thing that was interesting also was the emphasis on offensive security. And I know that's been like a big kind of term that's been thrown back and forth, like hack first or hack forward kind of mentality. Instead of like, our corporations continuously get breached by this specific region that says they don't do hacking. Maybe we should like do some forward.

actions in order to kind of prevent that activity. But I think it'll take a few months before we actually see stuff like that happen, unless it's owned and then they just take down the White House page like they did some other stuff. But again, these opinions are ours and not those of our employers.

Mike (25:55)
Yeah, just read interesting when I was looking through, I think it was yours, and where it looked like they were kind of deprioritizing cybersecurity as a whole, and more prioritizing, prioritizing the offensive aspect, like you mentioned. So was like, that's kind of interesting, but okay. And I thought that may bleed into some of those regulations and compliance efforts that they did have. So I don't know.

I guess like, like, yeah, Tyler said, we'll see, we'll see what happens with all that. It'll be interesting for sure.

AJ (26:28)
Yeah, I can't imagine like PCI like payment card information compliance would go away.

Mike (26:35)
That's not going, that's industry led effort. So it has nothing to do with the government whatsoever.

AJ (26:40)
Yeah, so CMMC would be the only one that's impacted then, right? Like HIPAA would still exist.

Mike (26:45)
HIPAA's government as well. HIPAA, CMMC, trying to think some other ones. And they've been pushing like critical infrastructure has a lot of push now as well, especially airports are getting a push to put certain things in place. They have a new framework. I'm trying to think. I think it's TSA that's doing the push onto the airports for some sort of compliance. It's not fully fleshed out. They're kind of.

AJ (26:48)
really?

Mike (27:15)
like entrepreneur, entrepreneur, newing this thing, like they're, I like to say they're building a plane as they fly it. but I've seen that with airports with one of the clients I have. so there are quite a few government specific ones.

AJ (27:20)
You

Mike (27:35)
Mm-hmm.

AJ (27:39)
On that note, Tyler, what do you think is the hardest part of being an MSPA?

Mike (27:41)
Now he's going to look for the next question.

Tyler (27:47)
hardest part scaling labor. definitely. So there's, I'd say there's, two parts, actually two hardest parts. One, we've started to overcome. So I guess it's not top of mind. So, you know, we started four years ago, February 1st makes four years and we were all technical and none of us were salespeople. I was a sales engineer, but I did not understand how the leads got to me. It wasn't that I was

Mike (28:05)
Congrats.

Mm.

Tyler (28:14)
completely oblivious as to how this might happen, but the difficulty in the processes and the mechanisms that made leads arrive at a sales engineer's desk to hop on a call and develop a solution that then became something that we were selling, you know, was foreign. So.

Figuring out how to get leads was a huge deal and we've sort of got a process going that seems pretty reliable, but it's a pretty big machine. We invested in marketing early to spread our brand awareness out there and you can't be...

at least in this industry does not feel that you can be overt overly salesy. You've got to just be authentic and you've got to add credibility to yourself. You've got to have articles and content and things like that, that people can read and say, this is a real company. So we invested in that early and that has kind of snowballed and become.

pretty at least regionally credible and then people are aware of wires existence in this region, right? So that was early thing and so credit Angela on our our marketing team with all that and then recently we Started doing cold calling which is not something that I ever thought that I would do or that I would be a part of but We're not calling and saying hey, would you like to hop on a 10-minute call and do a demo? And you know, we're not really asking for people's time. We're just saying

Mike (29:28)
Enough.

Tyler (29:39)
Hi, nice to meet you. You may not know we exist, but wanted to just make you aware and see if there's anything we could ever do for you. And if you'd ever like a cup of coffee or to grab lunch, because we're doing this within 50 miles of Chattanooga right now. And so we're doing, trying to just make ourselves known to the 1500 target companies in that space in a very friendly way. that's helping. So that's leads, right? And there's, other stuff that goes into that. Having a CRM that you're really tracking and building processes. That's been important.

The other is essentially an MSP is a subscription to skilled labor. So you start with a multi-role folks, folks that are able to be support, engineers and be sales and be business development and strategy and all this, right? So those folks are just changing hats every few minutes. And

then you eventually take one off and you're like, welcome to WYRE. You have a support head and they get to kind of just do support, you know, and that's not even true really, cause they've got to sometimes be account managers and take care of people in a way that's not technical. And so that all scales to the point that hopefully you get to have more specializations. So we've now got four people in support, four engineers, and then, the leadership team and marketing and like all these kinds of departments that are really doing their own thing.

But we've got, we manage 1300 ish users right now every month, employees out there that call WYRE for support.

And that requires all those staff to take care of them. And it's very difficult to cross the threshold of profit into profitability. like we're, we're, good. We're, we're healthy, but it's just a pretty, feels like a pretty decent sized company now, but it's still really expensive to just run because you have to have so many skilled people and you can't really hire anything but awesome people. that those folks are expensive. And so it's just all salary, all of our costs are salary and they're

directly tied to onboarding new customers. So when you onboard that new customer and your revenue goes up and you realize that now you've got to hire another support team member to make sure that the people are there now are not dying, then we have to make that. And then it's like, man, we stair stepped up and it felt good for a minute. And then we stair stepped our expenses right behind me. That's the biggest challenge right now.

Mike (32:06)
Yeah, that's like quite the balancing act for sure. Like I've been thinking about that with with with tandem to the sales, I would say is by far the hardest. Like I could scale pin testing, no, no problem. But get like doing the pin testing, doing the cells and doing marketing and all that at the same time. It's quite the balancing act and then trying to figure out how do I get in front of the clients without being a sleazeball sales guy.

Tyler (32:16)
Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Mike (32:36)
because no, well, nobody likes that one. I'm not that type of guy. Yeah. Yeah.

AJ (32:40)
Yeah

Tyler (32:40)
If you haven't just put yourself out there authentically though, you do on LinkedIn. You're making posts

and you're just trying to add value. That's what we try to do. And even when we cold call, we're just trying to add value. We just want to say, if you ever need help, there's another option.

Mike (32:56)
Yeah, that's definitely a good way to do it for sure. Yeah. I've like, we just started to, well, we started last year. I was kind of playing with it in Q1 and been slowly morphing it into something with our sales rep program. have where like taking people who are interested in it, building an academy and then trying to train them and get them to learn it and learn the sales techniques and not how to beat a sleaze ball, but how to be genuine and how to do it well. And that's.

Tyler (33:24)
Mm-hmm.

Mike (33:26)
something different too. Yeah, it's hard.

Tyler (33:26)
Alright.

That's

a different skill set too. Training entry level folks, we haven't figured it out ourselves at all in any field. So we've never hired successfully anyone entry level. We've had to hire people with experience and that's where the, know, it's very expensive and it feels like, if we could just get somebody entry level, we could train them to be our way, whether that's support sales, whatever, but that takes fractions of time away from the people who were already overworked doing the work. And so it's a balancing act for sure.

AJ (33:58)
Yeah.

Mike (33:58)
We

talked about this last time, right AJ? Where we were like, like when you're a smaller business, you have to make every hire count. You can't afford to have a bad hire.

Tyler (34:10)
Mm-hmm.

AJ (34:11)
Yeah, especially because it can actually cost the organization money compared to like your customers paying for it. But that's, you said you've never hired a junior person. That's not necessarily true. I mean, you have, you have an intern, you have, I don't know how to describe him.

Tyler (34:32)
We have not onboarded someone for a permanent position and successfully trained them from no knowledge to the level that we need for our support team. So we did recently have an intern who was awesome and who we hope to, if he ever sees this, then the secret's out. We hope to hire him at some point soon, but those things, that's an investment.

You know, it's not, you don't immediately get a return. when you are, when you're looking at cashflow and making sure that every new resource that you pour any, any money into is adding value to the team that's there. Now they're going to be like, it's great that we have an intern, but also like, are they helping carry the load? And if, if they're not, then this is, it's very difficult to do at our size. It's great if you're an enterprise and you can put the intern in there to job shadow somebody and kind of help here and there. And if they're a net neutral or a slightly net negative on

productivity, then that's okay. Here it's just the margins are so small and resource capacity.

Mike (35:36)
Yeah, like I've done a lot of mentoring in the cybersecurity space specifically. And when I talk to people who are looking to break into the industry, I try to help them understand it's, you don't want to just pass these tests and stuff and get these pieces of paper, which you need to convey is that it's going to be easier to train you than the other guy or gal interviewing.

Tyler (36:00)
Okay.

Mike (36:02)
That's what they want to know. They want to know that we can get you up to speed faster than them. That's what's going to get you hired and that you're going to be a good fit when you're at that organization.

Tyler (36:13)
It's expensive, time-wise, it's expensive to onboard people.

AJ (36:13)
Yeah.

Mike (36:15)
Yeah.

Yeah.

AJ (36:18)
And we talked about the trade-offs before with the rotational programs in a kind of similar fashion, but we've also seen, you know, sometimes it just doesn't work out. Sometimes you have the wrong person and then like you mentioned, performing at an enterprise. And when you're at that level, you know, it can be more difficult when you're hiring a junior person.

and then having to take time away from your senior personnel to train that person, or like they give them a task and then they just don't do the task. And you're like, okay, now you're just negatively impacting the team and we're not actually getting anything out of having you here. like, it makes it difficult to actually like come back to zero.

Tyler (36:59)
Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

AJ (37:12)
Mike got thoughts.

Mike (37:14)
Well, like

in the support role, especially what Tyler was talking about, like, well, even in pentesting realm, you have someone that's low skilled entry level when they mess up, it's a big mess up usually. And not only has it taken the time away, but now it could be costing your business money to fix the mess that they made. So there's a lot of, well, the reverse of that, there's not a lot of room for error in these roles. And you have to really have kid gloves on to...

keep them in the lines so that you don't have that mess. But you also still have to kind of give them enough room to learn as well because that's the only way they're going to get to where you need them to be. They have to make mistakes, just not big ones, and then continue to learn from those mistakes along the way.

Tyler (37:48)
Give them room.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, and philosophically, we are all about it. Like we want, we want to be a place that almost has an apprenticeship model, walk in the door as a competent driven person and you will skill you up. Like we can teach, we can teach the right person what they, whatever they need to know. Um, the biggest risk for us is character. Like you just have to have an amazing character to work here because I'm sure it's the same for you.

Reputation is everything. trust our, both of our clients are trusting us with their entire business. know, it's all of their data, all of their customer information, their operation. You know, if we put somebody on something and it gets broken and they're down for any reason, that's lost revenue. That's just a bad time. And word of,

Word spreads much more quickly for bad news than it does for good. know, so it takes years to build what we have now, which is just a widespread positive, I think, reputation in our area, but it would crumble rapidly if we just had somebody make a catastrophic mistake or get, if we had a customer get hacked, forbid, right? Like you can't prevent everything, but all those things, you know, are just really hard to overcome. we try to.

We have not had anything like that happen, so it's important that we do everything we can to prevent that.

Mike (39:26)
Image really is everything especially these days where it's so easy just to hop on a YouTube video and talk shit, right? You know hop in Google reviews or Yelp or whatever and just say hey, you know AJ sucks or Tyler they Tyler's team broke all my things and now I can't work Mike Let all the hackers and he's a bad guy. Look at him, you know, it's so easy and then there's no Validation of that. I just it's there and that's it. Yeah

Tyler (39:32)
Mm-hmm. Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah. And it would be in business

to business services like this, like who is your person that's going to leave you that Google review? It's so hard to come by. You know, we've got 1300 people that we help every day, but a handful of Google reviews and we we've asked sometimes, you know, but you want to make sure it's super relevant and that it's somebody that can really tell the story.

But we have a handful, maybe a dozen or so, and they're all five stars. But at that ratio, one, one star review with just somebody that was, that had a bad say support interaction, which, know, is extremely important for us to prevent, you know, but if we did hire that one person that popped off at somebody because they were being rude, maybe they were being rude, but it doesn't matter. Now you got a one star review and you're like one out of 12 is bad. It doesn't feel good.

Mike (40:40)
Yeah, being a leader, it's your butt on the line, even if you're not directly involved.

Tyler (40:45)
And then, you know, by, by connection, it's everybody here, you know, any, any negative on why we're so small, you know, it's important that for us all to have security in this role, like we've got to have a good reputation because more business means more help for them and more help for the company as a whole.

Mike (41:06)
Yeah, I was gonna say like for us doing pen testing, we don't even like to do reviews. It's very rare because we don't want people to know who our clients are, why, and we wouldn't want the other we wouldn't even if they wanted us, know, allowed us to do it. We'd feel funny doing it. So to have them put a review on Yeah, they hacked us real good, you know, kind of weird.

Tyler (41:18)
Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Mike (41:34)
But

you're putting a lot of information out there that you don't want. We do everything that we can to put all these barriers in place to that sensitive data, but letting them know this person is here that they're interested in, that just gives them, I'm like, okay, now I can just spend more time and maybe find a way in. I understand. I played the bad guy. I know how it goes.

Tyler (41:37)
Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah,

yeah, certainly. we wouldn't want anybody putting anything sensitive out there. most of our testimonials are in pretty non-sensitive industries with people that are just happy to sing our praises, but we're not telling any secrets for sure.

Mike (42:18)
Yeah, we didn't have anything on our site forever. So it like, well, let's just start putting our like, partners or channel partners and stuff on that at least give us some credibility because it's hard. You don't have anyone that can vouch for you. And it's just people like AJ can vouch for me. I'm like, yeah, he does some goofy stuff. He's all right, you know, but if you don't know me, you don't know me, you know, everyone can say they can break into stuff and hack stuff and you know, they're a lead or whatever stupid thing they want to say, but you don't know. You have no clue.

AJ (42:35)
You

Tyler (42:44)
Mm-hmm.

Yeah. We appreciate you. We know.

AJ (42:46)
But...

Even then, if they, if they say that you don't know that you can actually trust them to not like share or exploit the data that they've obtained during a penetration test. So that's something that, obviously both any organization relies on trust of their customers. I feel like specifically like Tyler, you kind of hit on this earlier. You as a managed services provider, right? Have elevated accounts into these organizations where you control their emails. So.

you could, if you really wanted to aspire on these people, or if WYRE were to get compromised in some case, right. Similar to, tandem, tandem has vulnerabilities and how to exploit those vulnerabilities with very specific instructions. So both of these cases, right. Are detrimental to whichever client it may belong to where to get out. And so I think both of these, and I know.

WYRE makes a lot of customer connections through word of mouth. And I'm sure pen test with tandem is pretty similar. You're not going to be like, you know, publicizing, yeah, this company came in and hacked us and took 30 minutes to get the main admin. But you know, Hey, they took the time to explain to us what we needed to do, how to fix these issues. They recommended a partner.

Tyler (43:55)
Mm-hmm.

AJ (44:17)
to like fix this if we didn't know how to do it and stuff like that. Like I think those two things are pretty closely aligned with Tandem and Wire. And it makes sense obviously being partners. So kudos to y'all. You're welcome for that little marketing spiel, but do believe it. Yeah.

Mike (44:35)
Thanks AJ.

Yeah, it's crazy now that you're like talking. I should have went into this naturally because I'm always thinking about it, but yeah, like that level of access, it's hard. Like I've been in a pin test where they've had internal IT team and the whole attack chain is just missteps from the IT team. Oh, they didn't even put a password here. It's passwordless. And then they store their...

Tyler (44:56)
Mm-hmm.

Mike (45:02)
password on the system in the browser and I was able to get that and look they're the they're the domain admin so now I have everything but and it's usually just these missteps but when you have a good company that really has that relationship and knows how to discuss problems with their clients you get into these environments you're like yeah this is rough this is gonna take me some time and you know I'm pulling my hair out on the last day and maybe I'll get in on the last day but

Tyler (45:05)
Mm-hmm.

Bye.

Mike (45:32)
It's a fight the whole way and I love to see that but you just don't see it very often. I've had another one where it was a managed service provider and we were doing Eternal Blue and that's old. Like what you were saying 30 minutes, 30 minutes done, Eternal Blue, Metasploit, Exploit and done over. And it's like wow and then I just kept finding more stuff. Not that they needed it but I'm gonna use my time wisely.

Tyler (45:35)
Mm-hmm.

Mike (46:00)
and just try to here's a list, but it's like, wow, you actually have someone that's supposed to be taking care of this for you. What's going on here?

Tyler (46:08)
Yeah, yeah. And we, we see that as well. And we aren't necessarily going in for a penetration test, but we often do security assessments from a different perspective. You know, we're, coming in with probably with creds and looking around and we were at a place in 2023, that was having issues and kind of just working on systems and I'm in the center.

checking out some stuff. I'm logged into the DC and then go back the next day, sit back down, keep working and doing the same thing. But somebody was like, Oh, have you, did you get the wifi password? And I was like, yeah, I'm on the wifi. I was like, I use that password on the board over there. And it's like, Oh, that's, that's a student or whatever. And it's like, Hmm, I'm in a DC. I'm on a guest network. I'm on V center. I'm on the guest network.

You know, you see things like that and you're just like, wow, like we there's there's so many people. But the point being here that you have to then talk to the customer and say, hey, listen, I am I'm to be very straightforward with you and say that you really need to fix something, but without making them feel like an idiot or that they have a terrible staff or that. Or that, you know, a panic, it's like we do need to get this fixed quickly, but.

but without anybody necessarily feeling like they're about to lose their job. So that's a sensitive situation when you find things like that.

Mike (47:37)
Yeah, we have that problem too, especially like if we worked with vendor partners like yourself or like, this is a team sport, first of all, and we know no one's perfect. So when we find separate, we make sure we convey to the client, it's no one's fault here. Things happen. And let's talk with this, get everyone in the room. Let's talk about the best way of going about fixing this. know, like I said it on a podcast before when we worked with your team, stuff was being fixed on the spot, like in the column, like, wow, this is a first.

Never. Never has that happened before, which is good to see. But it is that balance where you're like, this is bad. Someone did mess up, but please don't fire them. Things happen. Let's just fix this and put processes in place to make sure it doesn't happen again. Because a lot of it's just a people problem. We're humans. We make mistakes. It just happens. You change something to fix something and you forgot to change it back.

Tyler (48:08)
I feel that.

Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

Thank

Or they've been told to do 20 things and this was on the list, it just wasn't thing one.

Mike (48:37)
Right. Yeah.

Yeah, and you know, people are just moving so fast it happens. And so that's the game we play.

Tyler (48:47)
Thank

AJ (48:48)
Well,

you've also got instances like I was reading the other day. it was another Fortinet vulnerability where like credentials were in plain text for some reason. And yeah, I don't know if it was an amalgamation of all the Fortinet vulnerabilities that had been observed recently or what, but, you know, you have security or not security, you have tooling issues as well. Right. So

This is a hypothetical example. don't know what customers use, assume a customer uses Affordament VPN, which is managed by WYRE technology. Mike goes in, does a pin test, sees that he's able to obtain access through the VPN without needing MFA or anything by guessing passwords or exploiting a vulnerability. It would look like it's WYRE's fault, but it could be the original people who installed the firewall.

Tyler (49:38)
Mm-hmm.

AJ (49:47)
or who do patching and maybe that doesn't fall under wires purview. So there's these things that we've talked about this kind of in passing before, but like you need to know what is your MSP's responsibility versus what is your responsibility and not like, not make assumptions because that can be very costly for either side. And just not only people make issues, but also, you know, technology breaks.

or is exploited, there's a very big industry for that. So it could be that no one actually did something wrong and someone just found something fun. I was reading earlier, this person, I don't know that this was true just because of all the like Gen Z language that was used, but it was basically this person reviewing source code for this company. And it was like COBOL and some other, yeah.

and some other old language, I forgot what was, but they were basically adding comments to the code. Like this code is older than I am. And like, bet this code has like a social security checks or something, right? Well, then they found, they were like, this authentication token is kind of thick with like two Cs, right?

Tyler (50:49)
are these.

Mike (50:57)
You

That's amazing.

AJ (51:12)
meaning that it's like, it's big, it's long. Well then, for our listeners, of course. And so it ended up going to like a senior dev and they looked at it and it was an authentication bypass in their app that existed the entire time they've had their code.

Mike (51:15)
Yeah, clarify that for who are you clarifying that for clarifying it for me or Tyler?

Tyler (51:21)
Yeah.

Mike (51:21)
Okay. Okay.

AJ (51:38)
Good.

Mike (51:38)
was an old school back doors. That's what that was.

AJ (51:41)
Probably, yeah. But it was just, the post itself was so funny because the Jira ticket comment afterwards was like, my gosh, best that you slayed or something to that effect, which it's ridiculous, which is why I don't think it might not have been real. But I could see that happening if it didn't, especially if I was to write code and then have you review it, you would be like, yeah, this is trash.

Mike (51:52)
Yeah

Yeah,

100%. I tell you that'll be the first comment on everything you write AJ.

AJ (52:10)
and then find a way to exploit it.

Hahaha

Tyler (52:18)
one.

Mike (52:20)
Yeah, we should have my my friend Kevin on he is a manager or senior manager at a company. He's a dev he writes Java, don't you know, feel free to give him as much grief as you want about that. But I'd be curious to funny stuff he sees from like junior devs or people like interns or people who are right out of college, it'd be probably be pretty funny.

AJ (52:42)
Yeah. So Tyler, guess, since we're kind of on this topic with coding and vulnerabilities and stuff, have you seen a case where, obviously, don't disclose who, but have you seen an instance where there was like a critical vulnerability or maybe it was a zero day or like a week one type of event or something and you tried to...

Tyler (52:43)
bit.

Mike (52:48)
all over

Tyler (52:52)
I like it.

AJ (53:11)
patch or remediate a customer and they push back.

Tyler (53:15)
Hmm.

I don't think so. don't think anybody that, most of our customers don't push back because they just trust us to do it, right? Like whatever it is, just do it. And none of our customers have systems that can't go down for like entire quarters, right? Like any given weeknight, at least one, say during the week, we could have an outage window to get something fixed.

Mike (53:27)
wow.

Tyler (53:48)
And even when I worked at TVA, know, then this is no secret, it's, you're looking at my LinkedIn, right? So even when I worked at TVA.

All those systems have to get patched. And, this is like critical infrastructure, the whole state, I mean, seven state region runs on, mean, everybody has to patch them. Worked there on the compute team during some major vulnerabilities, you know, that we had to stay up all night and patch tons of systems and coordinate with sensitive infrastructure and get that stuff done. So I think that like, as long as you communicate and you don't cry wolf and, you know, you don't say like, oh, we have to do this all the time. Then when you.

say we have to do this? Like the people that trust you just say, okay. Yeah.

AJ (54:31)
To

clarify real quick, TVA is not the time variance authority, it is the Tennessee Valley Authority, right?

Tyler (54:39)
people who are not in the South.

AJ (54:41)
Yeah, you don't control timelines. They produce power.

Mike (54:46)
TVA is like a TV thing too. I forget what it stands for.

Tyler (54:49)
I

think they had peak demand of all time yesterday. Pretty sure that that's true.

AJ (54:55)
Yeah,

I was at dinner with an engineer and they were talking about last year when it snowed or two years ago. It was right before I moved and his, it was a field engineer. His site was the first one to go down because of the usage.

Tyler (55:12)
which is

wild. The grid is a crazy giant mechanism, not to rabbit hole too much, but a site going down.

Mike (55:20)
Feel free to rabbit hole as much as

you

AJ (55:22)
Hahaha

Mike (55:22)
would like. We do plenty.

Tyler (55:25)
All right, favorite fun fact that surely nobody knows about Power Generation, especially TVA. There's this nuclear plant in North Alabama called Belafonte that never got finished.

The funding always got cut and then they'd come back and work on it for years and then they'd cut the funding again. So there's this giant nuclear plant towers and everything, right? You drop down the highway and you see it. It's never had never made nuclear power, but this older guy I used to work with at TVA told me that it may power one time and there was a huge demand and they had diesel generators on site just to keep the place going. And they said, hook the diesel generators to the grid. so like, they like did this to like backfeed power.

That's crazy.

Mike (56:07)
That's what you call YOLO.

AJ (56:09)
But yeah.

Tyler (56:10)
Yeah.

Mike (56:11)
That's

insane. Like I've heard stories like there's a pretty famous story of a brown out. I think it's considered a brown out, not a black out up north where too many of the plants or substations went out and just had a cascading effect effect because there are pretty much daisy chain did in Northeast and it just went knocked them all out. Yeah, insane. It's like you start hearing things like, wow, our infrastructure.

Tyler (56:29)
Yeah. They are.

Wild.

Mike (56:40)
is so brittle. It doesn't take much.

Tyler (56:43)
Yeah, we

could wrap up a lot of things right now, but Anthony, could you give like a redacted version just to circle back to cybersecurity? So before we worked with tandem, we did a couple security assessments on our own that were pretty deep. Anthony, what was your favorite of those that we worked on together? Your favorite thing and how did you get to it?

AJ (56:44)
Wonder

I don't know if this was what you were expecting. Were you expecting the note?

Tyler (57:15)
The what?

AJ (57:15)
note.

Tyler (57:18)
No, no, I expect you to talk about a bank account.

AJ (57:21)
well, that, yeah, I mean, that's cool and all, but my favorite thing. Okay, so.

Tyler (57:25)
I'm

excited. I want to hear this.

AJ (57:29)
I'll talk about my favorite thing. It should be fine. It happened in like the eighties, but there was a customer who maintained call logs essentially for a very long period of time. Like, again, I said this happened in the eighties, so 40, 30, 40 years, maybe it was nineties, but it was significantly long, right? Probably way longer than any data retention needs.

And in the call notes, and this might have to get cut, but in the call notes, it's Tennessee. It said, so and so called again, I think he's on crack.

Tyler (58:04)
Thank

Mike (58:05)
Hahaha

Yeah

It's amazing.

Tyler (58:18)
But how did you get in that system?

AJ (58:18)
but,

yeah. So there was an open network where once you got onto the network, you were able to kind of pivot and the wifi password was also in rocky.text, although I would not have thought it was because it was like a weird password. so for those of you who might not know, rocky.text is a giant word list.

And so if you're trying to attack Wi-Fi or...

painting just fell.

Mike (58:59)
Are you okay? Do I need to get Liam Neeson?

AJ (59:02)
Yeah, I'm fine, but my painting just

fell off my wall and I don't know why, because nothing is touching the wall. So, okay. The word list can commonly be used to basically not crack passwords. Well, I guess it is crack passwords, right? Like you compare the hash to the hash of the actual password. Yeah, Mike?

Tyler (59:21)
for.

Mike (59:27)
I love hearing your explanations for stuff, so I'm gonna just let you keep rolling with it.

AJ (59:29)
Shut up.

Is it right or is it wrong?

Mike (59:37)
See it again in another way.

No, don't Google it, this ruins all the fun.

AJ (59:45)
I already gave

you an opportunity.

Anyways, word lists can be used to compromise credentials in whichever manner you seem fit. and then it was an open network and so you can move federally, especially through SMB, a server message block on windows, and then you could access certain things. I found a password for a bank account. I logged into said bank account. There was no MFA. If there's one thing.

Mike (59:49)
Heck all the thanks.

AJ (1:00:19)
that anyone in this episode will tell you to implement for your own good. It is MFA.

Mike (1:00:28)
Don't make it your email account.

AJ (1:00:30)
Also don't do that because I got into the bank account and took a nice screenshot. Then I think later, Mike, you also got into the bank account.

Mike (1:00:44)
I did not log in. thought about it. I did not log in because like I weigh the person cons was like, does this actually show anything in particular or not? Like, does it progress the attack chain? Like, could I use that information for anything and then I won't do it. So I thought about it seriously, but I was like, it's not gonna lead me to anywhere as long as I can show I could if I wanted to, I'll leave it there.

AJ (1:01:09)
You

don't know that you could.

Mike (1:01:12)
I was pretty positive. I was pretty positive based off of the user and all the other stuff, passwords that I got that worked.

AJ (1:01:13)
Cause there's... Woah.

But what if there was MFA? The impact that you would have disclosed could have been different.

Mike (1:01:24)
That's fair.

And that was one of the arguments for doing it that was in my mind. I was like, well, there could be, but.

Tyler (1:01:32)
the impact

why we did it because probably not the same exact reason, but it really told the story. Like the whole report, that was all they cared about was like, Yeah.

Mike (1:01:44)
really?

So you're saying I should start taking screenshots as bank accounts now?

Tyler (1:01:50)
It really, I it gives

people, mean, it shows the actual outcome. what is, like all the stuff that we say that is even mildly technical is like, okay, you need to close down this port. You need to segregate this network. You need to not allow this sort of authentication. And they're like, okay, cool. But it's like, but also I'm in your bank account. And it's like,

That's all I really cared that you just said. It's so impactful to them because it's so real and terrifying and you're not trying to terrify them. That's where that sensitivity comes in. You're like, okay, listen, don't panic, but you need to change that password and you need to get MFA. And if they don't offer MFA at that bank, you need to change backs.

Mike (1:02:17)
That's fair.

Yeah, I looked at it in terms of like risk for us. Like if something were to happen then after that point, it'd be a huge risk on us. Like we may start getting to blame for it as the company breaking in this stuff because hackers get blamed for everything. I don't know if you know that. But they would immediately everyone would blame us for whatever goes wrong. So some of it's like a risk balance risk versus reward. Yeah. Yeah, stylization choices.

Tyler (1:02:51)
I like that. Yeah, library, big deal.

AJ (1:02:59)
Yeah. Well, I think it was, it was obviously different scenarios, right? Because when you looked at this customer, it was obviously after I had looked at the customer. so that was like potentially a repeat finding from a different attack vector, but, the previous, and they gave us a record of their previous, penetration test and it was exactly what you hate. was.

40 pages of a vulnerability scan with no context, no real explanation. The kicker, and this one really grinds my gears, they also identified the WiFi password existed in rocku.txt but did not explain what that meant or push the customer to change that password. So again, I got into their bank account because I had the WiFi password.

which I could have guessed and done a D author or whatever, there's different ways to get into the network. But the point is that was the only, at the time, that was the only real piece blocking everything else that I did, right? So showing at that point in time, again, that we could access their bank account because there was no MFA because it was an open network because Sally does not have a real name.

I hope, had a list of passwords, right? Like because of these things, you know, like you no longer can provide service to your customers. We impacted you this much money, like theoretically. And when you put that into perspective, like the community feels that pain, right? Not just the organization because they have the money and all that stuff, but

Tyler (1:04:49)
Mm-hmm.

the job.

AJ (1:04:55)
they're there to provide

a service to the community. So it was actually appreciated. And after I took it, I had the same thought, Mike, I was like, I'm going to jail, great. But fortunately everyone was cool and I no longer break into bank accounts unless it's requested.

Mike (1:05:15)
You never know with clients, man. I've had some clients, especially when I worked, I worked at a huge pen test firm before I kind of started doing my own thing. And you never know. Some clients will fight you tooth and nail over findings too. And like one of the things they teach you, cause that's where I cut my teeth, pen testing was at that big company. They teach you to draft an impactful narrative, exactly what you're talking about. Building a narrative around your finding that makes them

Peaks their interests, right? So like, for instance, a lot of times you'll see new hackers get an X cross site scripting vulnerability, and it just prints something out on the screen. No one really cares about that, right? But if you can show how that allows you to take over an account or progress into a much larger attack chain, now it makes sense. Now we're going to care about it, but you always want to tie it into something they care about and that they're interested in. Otherwise, they're just going to be very dismissive.

about your findings. And that's really a skill that you learn as you pen test more. And it is a balance cycle. I said stylization choice, like you went and did the bank account. Cool. You know, there's no right or wrong answer there. It was just a matter of and I was 100 % tempted to do it. And I thought about it longer. I literally sat there. And I dated a lawyer at the time. I was like, should I log into this bank account? And she was like, no. I was like, but I really want to.

AJ (1:06:44)
You

Mike (1:06:45)
It'll be a good part of the report. She was another voice, you know, in that brain being an attorney. But it really is a fine line when you're doing security assessments. There's a tiny, tiny thin line there of what the right answer is and what the wrong answer is. And it could change day to day. And sometimes we take risks, like there's exploits out there, you do.

And it's like, hey, I'm on day five of a five day pin test. I haven't got a foothold anywhere. I have this vulnerability I've been sitting on, but there's a risk it may bring down the server. And I haven't used it because I was looking for something that won't have that potential impact. Well, I kind of want to use it now because I don't have another choice. And that's when you make the choice, but it's all about that risk. And I would on day five, like, hey,

and I bring the customer in, hey, I have this exploit, I wanna use it, there's a chance things may go down, I just want you to be prepared. Is there a specific time I can do this where it won't impact operations? Because we do wanna know if you are vulnerable to it because it's still a finding no matter what. I just don't wanna impact operations. That's all here. So yeah, it's a game. Yeah.

Tyler (1:08:00)
Mm-hmm. Exactly. Are we helping you?

Are helping them achieve

their mission or are we just having fun? And it's okay to have fun, but as long as it still helps them achieve their mission, right?

Mike (1:08:13)
Yeah, it's all about the client at the end of the day period. Like you don't want to have a negative impact on them without a net gain.

Tyler (1:08:15)
Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

AJ (1:08:21)
Yeah. To clarify, I made sure Mike Wade watched me when I was logging into the account. So be sure you have TPI or two person integrity if you're to do something like that. yeah, because you never know. And I mean, like we say this, but people have actually been sued and put in jail for hacking when, I don't remember. I know someone was put in jail. I don't remember the exact.

Mike (1:08:33)
No Terry word.

AJ (1:08:51)
case, but they were hired to do something and they basically didn't have written authorization to do it. So the company like sued them for it, even though they hire them. Like, I don't know. was, it was some weird, some weird thing. I'll look that up. Maybe.

Mike (1:09:06)
You're not talking about the coal fire case, are you?

Where they got arrested in the prisons or is it a different one? Or the jailhouse or not the courts. They got arrested doing a physical pen test at the courthouses in Texas. Because that was an interesting case. That was, I changed a lot of my contracts because of that case actually.

AJ (1:09:21)
Alright.

Yeah, I think that was what I was talking about.

Mike (1:09:32)
Do know what I'm talking about Tyler? Have you heard of that one?

Tyler (1:09:34)
No, but I have an anecdotal story about it because Mike Wade told me stories years and years ago about doing that in courthouses. He would physically, yeah, he would physically go pentest courthouses and take a picture of the server closet. This was when everything was on prem. And, yeah, he would, he would probably have some funny stories about this.

Mike (1:09:55)
bet he would. Yeah, this one was crazy because the setup here was that the state hired this company to test the counties. And so they were in a county courthouse when they got arrested. The sheriff, I guess from some small town, didn't even think this was a job or a real thing. They had to get out of jail free card, you know, that, hey, this is my document that says I'm authorized to be here. No one picked up the phone that was on the call list either. So that didn't help.

Tyler (1:10:13)
Okay.

Mike (1:10:24)
but they spent the night in jail. They were trying to get them to plea down to charges. And the county was saying the state was not authorized to do these pen tests on their behalf. And so they had to bring in an independent third party to look at the evidence to validate whether or not the state could authorize pen tests on the behalf of the county. And so that was what the big confrontation was about. The county said no.

Only we can do this. The state was like, no, we're the state. We can do what we want. And then you just have these innocent pen testers trapped in the middle of this fight. Crazy. Yeah. It's a good, dark net diaries. We keep bringing them up. There's a great podcast on a dark net diaries is probably my favorite, cybersecurity podcast that in malicious life. But I just saw where a random levy, was retiring in the podcast now, but sad news.

Tyler (1:11:04)
That's wild.

AJ (1:11:24)
Yeah, be awesome if we could do something with the darknet. Tyler here decided to have me go to a place without a get out of jail free card. So I did not.

Mike (1:11:35)
Way to go, Tyler.

Tyler (1:11:36)
Who

wasn't that sensitive?

AJ (1:11:39)
It, say that, but this was after coal fire and, the person, so the, this CTO, is that who it was that knew? Someone knew. and so he left, right? So they couldn't bother him to like ask to make sure that I was like supposed to be there. And then I could have plugged in a rubber ducky or something because there was a computer that no.

Tyler (1:11:52)
Sure, right? That seems right.

AJ (1:12:08)
paying attention to and then I was like, well, let me try to talk to them and see if I can get further instead of going upstairs and going to the closet, which I'm sure I could have done. But then I just like kind of panicked and sat there for like 20 minutes waiting. And I was like, I'm just going to leave. And then they pulled up the security cameras and they actually like showed the guy, I guess who I was.

and like, did he ask you if it was me or something? How did that part go?

Tyler (1:12:43)
I'm sure it's been a while, but it all was fine. Like it was definitely fine. We had authorization for everything and you knew how good it

Mike (1:12:51)
I would love to see AJ on physical pin tests though. I think that would be amazing and make him carry a camera. And we can see him leverage those acting skills and just have him dress up and do different things. It'd be amazing. would, you know, this would be great and just block out all the company logos and just make a series out of it. It'd be amazing. See how good of an actor you are under pressure.

Tyler (1:12:58)
Amen.

Mm-hmm.

For sure.

AJ (1:13:13)
Yeah, I would want, I

would want some, one, I'm to need tools like,

Mike (1:13:20)
I can teach you to actually, I will get my kid to teach you how to pick locks. She is amazing. Primo. Yeah, she's better than I am at it. Yeah, anything that's in the anything you can buy from like Lowe's or Walmart, she can pick in probably a 30 seconds. Yeah, she's she's good. Little ninja.

AJ (1:13:25)
Yeah, that's good.

Yeah, I saw that video. I'm sure some people have seen this and it's fairly old. I think it came out maybe when we were in the Air Force, but where they did a physical penetration test of a sub-center. I think that's the terminology. No, no, no, like the electrical grid, like sub-station. So they like...

Mike (1:14:00)
Like a submarine?

Tyler (1:14:04)
Substance.

AJ (1:14:09)
put the carpet over the barbed WYRE, hopped the fence, had a little thing to pull the lever doors in, the motion cameras, you could just spray air, like an air duster through it, and it, yeah. And then they owned, completely owned the place, dropped malware, had full access, took photos of stuff, and then they just hung out, and then they left. It's on YouTube, you can find it.

Mike (1:14:22)
Yeah, upside down. Yeah, that's a good trick.

AJ (1:14:38)
But stuff like that, like it looks cool and all. I've never done something like that and I'm kind of an idiot. So I would want some training before I could send it in.

Mike (1:14:50)
Yeah, I'll talk to some buddies I have a couple of guys that I used to work with And now they do a class for physical. I think they do it down in Tampa. We can go down there. I'll do it with you Yeah, yeah Yeah, one of them They work for one of them works for Black Hills Ralph May I think is his name and then Gosh, how do I the guy other guys slip? All right, but they all worked at

AJ (1:15:00)
Yeah, that'd be fun. Tyler, you in?

Tyler (1:15:02)
Yeah, man.

Mike (1:15:18)
Optive that's who I used work with that's that's who they we all work together. Yeah, they're all Hey great team back in the day. I don't know how they are now, but Yeah, yeah, they were it was a dream team back then like top heavy hitters were all working I got to learn from the best like I'll I'll say it any day. They were amazing Yeah up skilled man up skilled

AJ (1:15:20)
Nice name drop there.

Yeah

Tyler (1:15:38)
That's awesome.

Mm-hmm.

Mike (1:15:43)
Yeah, we could do it. teach all that stuff, all the lock picking under the door, the badge cloning, all that stuff is part of their course.

AJ (1:15:53)
Okay, nice. Yeah, so.

Tyler (1:15:55)
Thank

AJ (1:15:57)
Yeah, I was gonna say you have the flipper zero, right?

Tyler (1:15:59)
And a dedicated RFID cloner as well. But yeah, we have a flipper for that too.

Mike (1:16:05)
nice.

AJ (1:16:06)
Yeah, flipper's sick,

Mike (1:16:08)
I'd like to do it. would be I'd be nervous though if I was there I'm not like I don't know I'd be I'd be different I'd just be the quiet I'll let you to do the talking and just grunt yeah no just like be the one picking the locks

Tyler (1:16:21)
I hope this is cool enough to deploy then.

AJ (1:16:33)
That would be a video that Lavezzo would put together. I could just see that being a series of just like, Mike and AJ, at it again.

Mike (1:16:42)
Yeah, physical hacking stuff. Now that'd be fun. I was asked to do a sheriff's department one time and I said, yeah, right. And simply because I have a policy of don't do it where they have guns. Cause I don't want to get shot.

Tyler (1:17:01)
Yeah.

AJ (1:17:04)
Well,

what about, so you obviously have a partner which is an airport. Would you do an airport?

Mike (1:17:12)
I would like I've walked through and given them stuff like I didn't do a traditional physical pentas was more of a physical assessment, which I offered to do at the sheriff's as well. Or like if you want to bring someone official with me, we can walk through this place and I can point out the things I will do. Like that's kind of what we do to with some of the services we have a tandem or like we'll talk to you about your project and we'll tell you what we'll abuse because

Most of the time, if you give me a new client, I'll tell you exactly how I'm gonna get in and it will work 99 % of the time, I promise. Like there's, I guess there's a little bit of flavor I throw in there every time and adapt slightly, but it's pretty close to the same attack chain. Unless I've been working with them for a while and they fixed it, but almost every new company, just about the same attack chain. So I can tell you what I'm gonna do. So if I just, just tell me what you got going on. Yep, I'd hit you there, there, there, there, there.

Tyler (1:17:46)
Mm-hmm.

Mike (1:18:09)
Boom, we don't have to, I don't have to get shot to do it.

AJ (1:18:12)
Yeah

Yeah, you've been shot at enough in your previous career.

Mike (1:18:17)
Yeah, I'm good. I don't have any more cat lives. That's what I like to say. That's for sure.

AJ (1:18:20)
you

What do you think, so kind of bringing this back to the topic. Yeah, we need like a trademark term for that. Obviously, WYRE technology is an MSP. You're a penetration tester. What would you say are some things that you would be able to abuse to get into an MSP and why?

Mike (1:18:29)
Back to the topic.

AJ (1:18:52)
that might be a bad thing for MSP related customers.

Mike (1:18:57)
You're like, if I was the target Tyler's company, what type of things would I look to abuse?

Yeah, good question.

I would start probably with a lot of the typical things where we do a lot of external reconnaissance where we're looking for lead credentials. And so that's a key place to look. I would imagine Tyler's company would have MFA installed. So I may look for something roundabout way, like maybe a VPN or something that doesn't utilize it or exploit on that VPN where you can get around it or grab credentials. And MFA,

It depends on what type it is what type of MFA it is It could just be like the push one where it just allows and if you do like the they call it fatigue Basically, you just do it enough. I'm like, right fine. Let you in But those would be the ones I would do fishing is always a good one if you have a good pretext with it Fishing is a way around MFA and the reason why people don't understand this is and I try to explain like you we like to test that different

levels because something can fail along the way. You just don't know where it's at. So we want to test all the way along the attack chain So say we can bypass MFA by phishing. So what that means is if one of their users can install something or execute something on their own, we're utilizing their credentials they already have on that system.

And so the hope for his company would be I'm targeting a tech or someone in support with all this access. And they're likely to have higher privilege on that system or it doesn't really matter. can privilege escalate almost, I would say 99.9 % of the time there's a privilege escalation technique I can use to get the local system administrator, which means I'm now king of that system. And now I can pull all the passwords and password hashes from memory.

or from the Chrome browser if they have or whatever browser they have, can pull credentials. So now, boom, I'm now on the network. I now have all these access. Now I can look through their history, see where they're connecting to their different infrastructure. I can cruise the logs to see what type of things they're running. And now it's just a matter of figuring out how they access this stuff internally. But that's pretty much my approach I would do if I couldn't get from the outside.

then I would try fishing because I get around a lot of stuff by just getting them to click something. Yeah.

Tyler (1:21:30)
That's and that makes a ton of sense and I'll pull the curtain back a little bit and help you out with some. And also I think that it's heartening. The industry has come a long way, the MSP industry, because it is, it's a concentrated vulnerability. Not gonna, not gonna lie, right? Like if you have a sloppy MSP, it's bad. We've recovered other clients from sloppy MSPs that have made.

really terrible mistakes and use passwords across all their customers, know, same password everywhere. And so I think one of the most important tools in MSP's arsenal to prevent that is a really awesome password management system. So we're all random passwords and within our password management system, you have OTP stored there and then every reveal is tracked and logged.

So, and most of our applications are SAS. So from the, from the ticketing system, remote monitoring and management system. And then of course, all the applications that most of our clients use our software, know, software to service. So there's not a lot of infrastructure from a VPN server. None of that. We don't have a server in the building. We don't have VPNs directly to, we may have a couple clients that we have a VPN that, but I don't think there's a site to site stood up actively to anybody right now.

but there could be, know, some of them have to VPN into that's a client VPN. So there's not a ton of infrastructure here to hack. There's basically nothing. It's laptops and a firewall. So,

And then our credentials that are most important and critical to our customers are global admin on Microsoft 365, Azure AD. And so, and those are just in time. So they have to request elevation for a period of time and then get approved. it's getting harder, thank God.

Mike (1:23:23)
impressive yeah I don't ever see that thorough of a lockdown yeah that's awesome.

Tyler (1:23:29)
we, really legitimately welcome, like you should, we should schedule some time to see if you can poke around, but the MGM hack, I know is a, is a stain right now. And so there are challenges. I won't lie. There are challenges and we're looking at some tools to overcome one of the biggest challenge challenges, which is, not necessarily doesn't have to be this sophisticated, but with AI coming up, coming up to

Voice specifically voice AI coming around where you could train on a voice you've seen the Joe Rogan fake podcast and stuff like that right if you have a super high value user at one of at a client

somebody calls in, uses the voice, it's very convincing. Somebody does something for a customer and it wasn't that customer, that's a big deal. And so we're looking to implement a way of authentication that is agnostic to the knowledge of the staff or the knowledge, even of the customer, that would be, it would be something that's like a rolling code that they have to tell us based on an application on their phone or a push notification from Microsoft or something like that. So those are challenges.

And those are the kind of things that take down big companies because it's really hard to authenticate everybody that calls in from all these companies that have different levels of technology. But it is something that we're paying attention to and something we're going to find a technology solution for and a process solution.

Mike (1:24:57)
Yeah, that's fun. And just to put to put out to the listeners, this is basically what you would call a brief tabletop exercise, where you're kind of role playing like, hey, this is what I would do. This is what I would do to counter that these are things that would have in place. And then you would kind of go back and forth working through your processes and tools and talk about these things. Essentially looking for problematic areas that you can dive into later and shore up without actually having to

do a full pin test or a full security assessment. Just to put that out there, that's pretty much what you heard right there. So that's pretty cool, thanks. Thanks, Tyler.

Tyler (1:25:33)
Yeah, of course. And it wasn't, that didn't come from a place of defense, you know, but there's a, there's a lot that can go wrong, but luckily there's more and more tools kind of helping us plug those holes.

Mike (1:25:38)
No, no, it was fantastic.

Yeah, and really like companies should be taking their approach. Y'all are taken where you're doing all these different layers because you never know where something's going to break. Like I was saying earlier, and it could be a third party like SolarWinds is a big example. All these companies just got instantly like they're breached. How? Well, they just bought a product and that product owner, that vendor got breached and now they're all breached.

Tyler (1:26:03)
The plaiting.

Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Mike (1:26:16)
It happens, but when you have those layers in there, like where you have to check out credentials, you have that audit trail, you have these different layers, you've kind of segmented your network and moved to doing SaaS stuff, you make it much more difficult for attackers to move quickly and take stuff out of there. And that's what you want. You want to add friction to an attacker's process to give you time to stop them.

to detect them and stop them before they can really do damage.

Tyler (1:26:47)
Yeah, layers for sure. You might fish somebody, but then if they have to request admin, and they're like, why you pressed an admin for that? That doesn't make any sense. Actually, that's the biggest issue we've had with cybersecurity with our clients is WYRE fraud.

Mike (1:26:58)
Yeah.

Tyler (1:27:07)
So we never had anybody breached, but we have helped some folks that have wired money to places, unfortunately, because they just got phished sometimes even on their personal email accounts, right? They're doing business in non-procedural ways.

And the remedy to that is sometimes not additional email security or additional anti-phishing. It's just, it's training and it's process. So before you send a WYRE that you, that is not a hundred percent the exact same thing you do every, and even if it is something you do regularly, just pick up the phone and call and be like, Hey, can we confirm this account number real quick? And this is the correct amount. And you are, you are this person. And say, yes, but yeah, that it's that layers and sometimes it's super non-technical.

Mike (1:27:55)
Yeah, I've always like coach clients, like one of the cheapest ways you can increase your level of security is by training your people. Having some sort of user awareness training going on because, you know, it's gonna take a while to build it up, but what you want is that spidey sense. This doesn't seem right. That's what you wanna cultivate. Them second guessing things that are slightly ab-

Tyler (1:28:04)
Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Mike (1:28:22)
And it's going to save you so much money. then you you prevent one WYRE fraud, you're probably paid for the whole training program because it's so cheap. Now it's it really isn't that expensive to do fishing stuff. And I mean, we don't do it anymore because it's just go pay 1000 bucks or whatever. And you can do it all year long. Like you don't need me to do it. It's you know, pay me for a week or two weeks to build a piece of malware that's going to bypass all your stuff and actually execute cost too much money just

Tyler (1:28:40)
in

Mike (1:28:52)
Allow it in the thing and then there's a bunch of samples you can do, but just do it. Send them training, do fishing. Boom, you've just saved yourself a lot of money for real cheap.

Tyler (1:29:02)
Yep.

Humans are the final vulnerability. At the end of the day.

Mike (1:29:07)
yeah.

All right, let's see. Here's the two questions I do want to cover that we had asked. So do companies actually see in your eyes, see security as a cost center? This is like, this is my myth busting questions. This is what we hear all the time in cybersecurity. What do you think?

Tyler (1:29:29)
I think it depends on the company. Again, with your smaller companies, they see anything that does not make money actively coming in the door as a cost center. Companies that have a mature sense of risk management, maybe not. Maybe they see it as an investment. Maybe they see it as cheap insurance. It just depends on the maturity of the company.

And in some, in some situations, what compliance there. So a situation where it's, it's actually making them money is when implementing a cyber security control or system or, you know, what have you, or having a pen test done qualifies them to do business and under a regulatory framework that they have to comply with.

then they make money, they get the opportunity to participate in markets that are locked out to people who aren't doing that. And so again, that's where kind of regulation can be a good sales tool. But outside of those mature companies, higher regulation companies, then often yes.

Mike (1:30:31)
Speaking of insurance, have you worked a lot with insurance? Kind of what have you been seeing over the last couple of years in terms of the change because that's moving pretty rapidly as an industry itself.

Tyler (1:30:42)
Yeah, so insurance is in cyber risk insurance.

Mike (1:30:46)
Yes, yes cyber

insurance

Tyler (1:30:48)
Right, so we make sure that our clients have cyber risk insurance and so we want that to be the first line of defense in the event of an incident. Okay, let's go to the policy and we can confirm that we helped check all these boxes. We confirmed on the initial audit that you were compliant. You should get this payout. We've never had any of our customers have never been breached. So at this state, that's not been an issue, but things do happen.

I've consulted with some companies often free of charge to help them fill out their insurance forms. And unfortunately, many times they don't actually qualify and it's not worth, it's not a good idea to say, well, I mean, you can say whatever you want to say, but we say, you you're not qualified. It's like, if you've marked that box and then you do have a claim.

they're going to deny a claim. And so you're actually going to pay this premium. And then in the event that you ever needed it, you will not get the payout. And so I think that insurance companies are being more stringent.

on making sure that you are complying with the requirements. MFA is enabled is a huge one, obviously. And then what does that mean? What does MFA enabled mean on one system, on all your systems? And so I think that that's becoming more granular and that they're losing money. Insurance companies don't wanna make those payouts.

Mike (1:32:10)
What have you seen as the biggest disqualifier on this? Definitely curious about that.

Tyler (1:32:15)
I think MFA is a big one just because it's simple. It seems simple, but they may have it set to enrolled but not enforced. And so they're like, everybody has MFA. It's like, mm.

You enrolled in MFA, but you're not enforcing MFA. You don't have conditional access policies in place. don't have, if they're taking us to the letter of the law, so to say, it could be that your administrators, of which you have two or three, might be enforced, but is that, you need to ask the insurance company, that cut it? Do you have endpoint protection on every device? Do you have clear,

security controls for how people access the network, know, whatever it might be. But I endpoint management, endpoint detection response, things like that and MFA.

Mike (1:33:08)
Wow, yeah, that's crazy. Well, I it's not crazy to me that companies don't have that. I've seen that still, but yeah, interesting.

Tyler (1:33:16)
clients do,

right? But when they're coming in fresh or if they're a non-client that's like, can you help us with this? That's what we say.

Mike (1:33:24)
That's cool that you work with your clients through that. Yeah, I've been wanting to get someone in that works in the cyber risk industry and get them in to ask them questions. Because I did a huge, I wouldn't say huge, but did a pretty large deep dive into metrics and all the different reports and stuff they've been putting out and how it's changed through time. it was certainly eye opening, a lot of stuff I hadn't seen. So I definitely curious from your take.

Tyler (1:33:32)
Mm-hmm.

Mike (1:33:51)
That's cool that your clients are getting it and you're helping them through that process, helping them mature. That's very cool.

Tyler (1:33:57)
And we don't sell any insurance products at all. we don't even partner with anyone. There's a pretty strict regulation on the way commissions work in that industry. So we're not an insurance provider, nor do we partner with one and get any sort of commission. But we do encourage them to have it.

Mike (1:34:18)
Let's

see, one more question from them. What do clients care about the most, uptime versus security? Do they care more about operations or do they care more about security?

Tyler (1:34:31)
Uptime, a hundred percent operations. And most of the time, the issue with cybersecurity, the most painful issue is the downtime, right? If you get ransomed, losing your data is huge. That's a big deal, but your plant being down for two weeks while you rebuild or whatever your industry is, that downtime is lost revenue or...

lost ability to serve your constituents or your community or whatever that might be. And I think that's the primary problem. And then the data is just extra insult to injury, unless the data is your operation. then, and then, but I think that all ties back to your operation is down. And if, if your data have even that is a double whammy.

Mike (1:35:19)
So do y'all do risk assessments as you're onboarding to, because you talked about a little bit earlier where you try to figure out what they have going on and what's important to them. Is at least a brief risk assessment, I know those come in all kind of flavors, it can be as big as you want them to be, but is that part of your onboarding process too to figure out, is this a little bit too risky and we need to lower that risk for them to kind of stay in line with what they're trying to do?

Tyler (1:35:45)
Yeah, oftentimes we have before we accept a customer and this has not been an issue that anybody has pushed back on to the point that we weren't able to do business. But there may be mandatory projects to start the relationship. During onboarding, we're going to go ahead and kick off the retirement of this server.

2003, you know, God forbid. And we're going to do this exchange migration and we're going to scope replacement of these Windows 7 laptops and so on and so forth. And if you don't take that or say if we've accepted that there are some risks that, you know, we have a hundred machines and there are seven Windows sevens that run some piece of or that somebody sits down to do.

something on this special machine, it's like, okay, well, we've got to come up with solution on that and you've got to this, this risk acceptance that this is, we've consulted with you and told you this is a problem and we got to get around that. But people have to do business and if they have a real reason they have to do this and that's how it's got to be, then we'll work on ways to isolate that or try to work around it.

Mike (1:36:53)
often does sitting them down and saying, sign off on this risk. How often does that make them change their mind about accepting it?

Tyler (1:37:01)
Um, so we, I used to do it a lot in the enterprise world and it was just very formal, very just kind of, this is the deal. Uh, I see you've kicked this can down the road, please sign this. it didn't really ever change the behavior because it was probably operationally necessary. And I think that's, that's probably the main answer is if it's necessary to the business, then, you know, they're like, I hear you, but like, this is just the deal. But,

Mike (1:37:23)
talks.

Tyler (1:37:24)
Yeah,

that's right. And it's both ways. know, is this is a massive risk? Like if it's massive, then you're talking about your whole company could go under and be bankrupt because of this. That's one thing that talks huge, but usually it's not that severe, right? It's just a vulnerability that is not ideal that we need to be working on. But, you know, maybe we can isolate it in a way that it's like, well, only that goes down and like, well, if I replace it, then I'll lose that function right now anyway. So.

Mike (1:37:53)
Yeah, definitely tough. Yeah, what else you got AJ?

AJ (1:37:59)
I know you said you haven't had any customers that have been breached. Have you on boarded any customers afterwards who have used cyber insurance? Like who had cyber insurance claims rather?

Tyler (1:38:12)
I think so, but it was all before we came on board. So we've definitely on boarded people post breach and I haven't been involved in the claims process. I have anecdotally heard of people being denied, but I think that it's mostly because they were, they did not answer their questionnaires honestly, or at least not, it ended up not true post audit, right? Whether they, I don't think they were necessarily being dishonest, but they didn't know any better and said, yeah, of course we're secure.

But yeah, we've had some, I know of one that had a claim on WYRE fraud prior and they did get some payment, but it did not cover the entire loss, but it helped.

Mike (1:38:56)
That's what I read, like it's only covering like 30 or 40 % of the actual loss. It's not 100%.

Tyler (1:39:03)
Yeah, I don't know what the fraction was, but it was, it sounds, that sounds about right.

AJ (1:39:08)
I think it's changed too because I remember when it first came out, right, like several years ago, if someone was fished, it would be covered. But I think within the last few years, if you like, it's like willingly or something knowingly quote unquote, give access, then like, sucks to suck, you're not like, you're liable for this, not us. Which I had a question and now I've lost it.

Tyler (1:39:23)
Okay.

Mike (1:39:38)
I just want to point out like all the policies are different too. So if you're listening and you're like wondering what's in your policy, just read it, talk to your vendor because you don't know. And the best way to find out is asking or speaking with a professional. I wouldn't say I'm a professional at reviewing these things by any means. Okay, so none of us are. So actually talk to someone who is because they can guide you on whether this is going to get you into a bad situation if something, this particular risk that you're concerned about.

Tyler (1:39:54)
I'm not.

Mike (1:40:08)
hers, is your policy going to cover you? Those are questions you should be asking when you get your policy.

AJ (1:40:14)
So I remember my question now, and I want to ask this for both of you individually. I'm curious what your responses are. With, I guess, higher prevalence of managed service providers and cyber insurance, so we'll start with you, Tyler, do you think that there will be a

Mike (1:40:17)
You're welcome.

AJ (1:40:41)
a compliance need or legislation or something to that effect where managed service, managed services providers are required to have additional testing and like, for example, annual penetration tests or maybe a third party review or something to that effect because you have access to additional customers. do you, do you think something like that would come down or do you think it'll kind of stay where it is where

every MSP is kind of, not the wild wild west, because I don't think that's a fair assumption, like, you know, WYRE technology holds themselves accountable to a very specific set of beliefs and thoughts. And then like you mentioned before, you've heard of or taken customers from another MSP who might've been compromised and not handled it in the correct way or something. So I'm curious if you think there's something

that will come in the near future that would kind of try to put all of these providers onto a single baseline.

Tyler (1:41:48)
think that it's eventually going to have to happen. think that as MSPs become the IT department for more critical infrastructure, then there'll be an effect where, you know, we're, we're as an industry, a vulnerability for the nation. And so I think that that will happen. I think that that's probably five plus years away. I doubt that that's going to happen during this administration. Just, gut feeling right now, as we're looking at repealed regulations.

Do I think that there should be potentially some sort of

MSP association that is, that is trying to self-regulate and get ourselves up to some sort of standard. Probably, I think that would be a wise decision by the, industry. And then anybody that held themselves to that standard, like SOC 2 for instance, right? That that's a, and at a certain tier, a certain echelon of tech company period, SOC 2 compliance is kind of like a stamp saying like, Hey, I take security seriously. And so if you're looking to get acquired, you're looking to

Mike (1:42:35)
you

Tyler (1:42:51)
to work with public companies more, especially from an infrastructure perspective, those kinds of things become important. And so we would go through that for sure. And we open the doors to you all and we welcome any sort of feedback or security testing that's productive and constructive. And I think that the industry should do the same.

Mike (1:43:16)
Yeah, nice. Yeah, always happy to answer questions and chat man. I like the idea of having some sort of like self regulated compliance for MSPs. I think it's a really good idea. And I, you know, I hate the idea of having a government regulation. And just simply because they don't keep up with the times very well. It's very slow to pivot and move.

and the self-regulated ones do a little bit better job of that. So I would say it's more likely that that would happen. I would love to see that too, the different levels of it, almost like SOC compliance would be really cool. And it'd be something easy. You can show your clients to say, hey, look, I'm level whatever. These are the max levels. I'm, you know, level two or level three. And it'd be fantastic. I do think maybe there might be some sort of, sorry, that's my dog. you hear clicky nails on the floor.

there may be some sort of government regulation if it comes to government vendors, third parties to the government, like the CMMC, just like that. I'm, sure that may get a little bit more broad to know down that, cause it does seem like in general, the flow is anything touching government stuff, anything, related to critical infrastructure is getting a closer eye now, which it very much well should be. think.

Tyler (1:44:24)
Yeah.

Mike (1:44:45)
If there was to be some sort of conflict, that's the first stuff that's going to go. Is anything critical that's keeping the day-to-day life going? Anything that can cripple the economy or the people? That's what's going to be targeted. And it's really not that hard. From a hacker's perspective, it's not that hard, people. And so I would love to see people take that more serious and go in and harden a lot of that.

Tyler (1:45:02)
Mm-hmm. Yeah.

Mike (1:45:13)
that would be great for me to see. But I do think at some point something will come at least for those critical and government related things.

Tyler (1:45:22)
Yep, agree.

AJ (1:45:25)
You heard it first. We're gonna start the regulation

Tyler (1:45:28)
We talked about doing that for K-12, right?

Mike (1:45:28)
You

AJ (1:45:30)
Yeah, we did.

Tyler (1:45:32)
There was an issue locally here where Anthony was really upset, rightfully so, as a security professional about the ability for outside senders to talk to students in our K through 12 schools. At that time, I'm not gonna say that it's still this way, but there was a bullying, a cyber bullying incident where a non-school email address was mass sending to, was it a mailing list or distribution list, something like that?

within Google, Google for Education, guess, spreading rumors about the child. And it was like, how are we allowing outside email to be mass distributed to students in the school system, right? And it's like, well, because it's kind of the Wild West, right? Like it's whoever configured that and did they have the foresight to say, if they know this distribution email, then they can all students at schoolx.org or whatever.edu.

We're like, man, nobody, is anybody looking at this? And I think that more people are looking at that now, but that was years ago.

Mike (1:46:39)
Yeah, that's insane. I'd hate to see that down here. I know you can't email kids directly, but a mass mailer like email. Don't know about that. That'd be insane.

AJ (1:46:52)
Yeah. So what made it worse was the school district said there's nothing they could do. And I was like, very simply block external email addresses. Here's the Google search that you can use for this. Like it was, I was not, not too nice because this was a lawsuit. Fortunately this, this child did not take any like serious choices and it's, know, yeah.

Mike (1:46:58)
Oof.

good.

AJ (1:47:20)
So her parents pulled her out of school there was later I think and sent to another school and There was a comic book illustration yeah, and it was middle school of course and

Mike (1:47:32)
What?

It's the worst.

Middle school is absolute worst.

AJ (1:47:39)
Yeah, so if you're listening to this and you're in middle school, it gets better.

Tyler (1:47:44)
sure

so many middle schoolers are gonna listen to this.

Mike (1:47:46)
Yeah, my, my, my, no, she's not a middle school anymore,

AJ (1:47:47)
promenade.

Yeah, she

was roasting me, anyways. So it was very concerning to see that this was brought up, it wasn't addressed, it happened again, it still wasn't addressed. And like I said, fortunately this person is still alive to the best of my knowledge. But unfortunately we see stuff like that happen and that's not always the case, right? And...

It starts out as like a joke or something and then it evolved and obviously it evolved to being multiple schools. And like Tyler said, was everyone in the school received these emails. So to sit there and say, there's nothing that you can do to protect not only this child, but all the other children. I was like, dude, you should be fired. First off, second off, get help. Like you could have asked WYRE. You could have asked.

any other service provider or any other school like your education, you could have asked the college for help with this issue, but they chose to do nothing instead. And that's what pissed me off.

Mike (1:49:01)
They need some kind of advisory board or something for schools, I think of tech companies, tech people to help them with these different issues. Cause it's, it's crazy now. There are so many, so many things that kids can use to bully and bullying was bad back in the day, you know, and, know, just whatever, you know, people pick it on you or whatever, but now they can make a YouTube video, put it out there. Snapchat is the big thing now too.

Tyler (1:49:15)
you

Mike (1:49:29)
just push it out to everyone. And there's so many avenues to increase the viciousness of the bullying. You know, they have to do something. have to, there's got to be better ways of going about protecting kids. Cause they're really at that critical state that they need a little bit of help from parents and adults and you know, people they look up to.

Yeah, way to end on a depressing note,

Tyler (1:49:59)
What do we have look

forward to in cyber? You're going to plug all the vulnerabilities? Do you think where they are, is it going to self-learn and reduce vulnerabilities or is it going to be polymorphic and be used by attackers more? Which one, attackers or defenders?

Mike (1:50:06)
I wish.

The Matrix. It's gonna turn into The Matrix and take over the world and we're all gonna become test tube babies and batteries and that's just how it's gonna be,

AJ (1:50:19)
it

Tyler (1:50:27)
Alright, so that's a wrap on that one.

AJ (1:50:27)
Yeah. So

there was a, don't, don't remember how connected she was, but one of the ladies that had to do with the matrix said that the, yeah, cause it's a cool, it's a cool story, dude. Basically the matrix was the precursor to Terminator.

Mike (1:50:40)
my gosh, you're bringing this up again.

And there it's sinking in, washing it. Go ahead, let it cook.

You start thinking of the implication like, interesting.

AJ (1:51:08)
Yeah, Scary stuff. to answer your question, I think both, right? Because it's just like it's, this might be an awful comparison for some, like to me, it's similar to a pit bull, right? Like a lot of people are scared of pit bulls, but realistically, it's their upbringing that determines the nature of the dog. So similar to a model, an AI model or.

language or generative, whatever it might be. If you train it on malicious data and to provide malicious output, it'll obviously be used maliciously. Whereas if you train it for defensive capabilities, it'll be used for defensive capabilities. Now I don't think it'll get, well, at least not yet. I don't think it'll get to the point where it kind of like meets each other and they're like, they fight back and forth. And then they're like, actually it's us versus the humans.

And then, you know, something like that occurs, but it's again, AI has been around since the sixties, something like that. Like it's way older than, you know, the last five years. So.

Mike (1:52:20)
Look at Wargame, you know?

AJ (1:52:22)
Yeah, good movie too.

Mike (1:52:24)
I was I was gonna say you gave me a really good idea to do something with the way they're doing with agents now and building like a couple of defensive and a couple of offensive agents and then you could feed the defensive ones the stuff from your organization and then have them just go at it like because that's what they're doing with agents you have chat GPT just one thing but now you can have a bunch of agents that are just working together and

Tyler (1:52:30)
Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm.

Mike (1:52:50)
they could probably come up with some really cool stuff just going back and forth like that, passing each other information. Because that's one of the solutions that they've been considering for the problem where models hallucinate, having multiple layers of agents that fact check each other along the way of producing the output for the user. So that'd be a really interesting scenario to do. I've used them for both. What were you going to say?

Tyler (1:53:19)
I, I, not security specific, but I think that agents are going to be super interesting for the it space to traditional it space. Because when you have a knowledge base, that's really well fleshed out. Or if you even have a knowledge base, that's dynamically growing and learning based on the actions of the users or the technicians, the engineers, whatever.

If it's looking over their shoulder and building knowledge based articles and processes and then a different agent is then following those processes, it's going to be once computer use, excuse me. It's like the weather changes killing me. Once computer usage is like really well dialed in for agents. think that, you know, having

having an agent that lives inside the ticketing system and the room monitoring and management system and is, it has access to the knowledge base and has access to creds and has the ability to call, like call on a human for access and say, Hey, can I get into, you know, 365 and add this user? It's like, sure. You know, and it's handling it. I don't think we're that far off that. don't know to some listeners and maybe to you, it could sound a little far-fetched even, but I think that it's, it's coming maybe even in the next.

two years, like to actual adoption and functionality. Maybe the percentage is not a hundred percent or even 95 % success, but as long as it could fail gracefully, could see password resets and, use your creation and very simple, like here, this is how this works. Just, just get after it. Maybe, maybe to your point about error correction.

Maybe that threshold of usefulness, like 90 % success rate, for instance, might be because you've got three that are as a team going, all right, is this right? It seemed right to you? Okay, good, yeah, I'm gonna do this. I checked this, did you check that? It's like, yes, I did. It's an exciting future. It's gonna be really fun.

Mike (1:55:18)
Yeah, I think we'll probably start seeing some stuff coming out in the next two years and we'll see a bigger adoption in the next five or so where a lot of these mundane tasks that people don't like to do are going to be covered with these. I mean, we're already seeing it with lot of with chat and support things with like say Amazon or whatever. That's almost all AI driven now.

And they're just trained on whatever the policies are. Okay. He said this thing, we'll just give them a refund. Boom. Done. Moving on. yeah, I mean, it's going to be interesting. and some people are scared. It is going to replace some jobs. It's going to allow you to be more efficient with the people you have. That is true. but it's going to be, to me, I look at as a workforce augmentation tool. It's going to make us better and faster.

than we are without it. use it, I was talking about on the last podcast, that is soon to be released. I use it for coding. I can code probably four or five times faster than I could before.

Tyler (1:56:26)
I was using Corsair like right before this.

Mike (1:56:29)
Oh, yeah, I mean, it's it's insane. Like I can build quality apps. But if I didn't have my coding background, I could not move that fast because it would be busted and broken because it doesn't give me perfect code every time I modify it and I can imagine what I needed to do and I can force it into that structure and make the changes I need to. But it's still making me so much faster because it's building doing the bulk of it.

Tyler (1:56:49)
Mm-hmm.

Mike (1:56:56)
looking up the functions or I can explain why it chose this style or this functionality. Yeah. It's like allergies, man. No, you're good. Yeah, you almost made it. You almost made it. But it's cool. I'm definitely looking forward to it and seeing it. But what I was saying to was I've used it on both sides. I tried to do a hack the box challenge I think was last year or the year before with chat GPT and it sucks.

It was hallucinating switches for my different commands. It was, it was a cluster. Um, it just didn't work. Um, same with some of the blue team stuff, it would make up commands for different tools I was going to be using. I haven't used it to try to translate to like different, like stigma or sticks formats for if you're doing detections or something like that, but it, I would imagine it would do it pretty well though.

AJ (1:57:50)
Wait.

Can you say that first word again?

Mike (1:57:54)
Is it stigma or sigma? What is it?

AJ (1:57:57)
Sigma, there's no T.

Mike (1:57:59)
I'm thinking of Stig and I put two together. Bro, it's almost 10 o'clock at night. Leave me alone. Tyler's about to die on us. My brain's not working.

AJ (1:58:02)
Yes.

Yeah, no that's that's that's going in a short

Tyler (1:58:11)
I am good,

I am good on this.

Mike (1:58:14)
Yeah, we can make fun of any this go around. Usually it's you.

AJ (1:58:18)
Yeah, I mean,

you're gonna make fun of me for the word list anyway, so it's fine.

Mike (1:58:23)
Yeah, it's all good.

yeah, it's cool. I mean, I've seen a lot of usability and it's just been getting better and better every year. So I'm excited.

Tyler (1:58:32)
So last AI topic, I just want to ask, have you played with any of these things? So I've been using ChatGPT for a long time, or pretty much since it came out and stay pretty current with everything, all this functionality. But I haven't used Gemini much, but I've been using the deep research model that got released to do some industry research and also Notebook LM. Have you used that before?

Mike (1:58:57)
I haven't even heard of that one.

Tyler (1:58:58)
This

is magical. So I'm going send you a link. after this podcast, you should check it out. So I just uploaded a PDF that it was like this first draft business plan that we had in 2021. And I was like, I just have this handy. It's pretty long. So uploaded into Notebook LN, which is a Gemini product, and it will make a podcast.

It's so it has two hosts and it talks back and forth about the content. It's 30 minutes long and you can, there's this beta feature that I was using where you can hit join and you can join the call. And so I, they, they were pronouncing WYRE wrong. It was like, Hey, we're here today to talk about this company. W Y R E technology. was like, let me correct you. So I hit the button, I joined the thing and these two chatbots are like,

Mike (1:59:31)
What?

Ha

Tyler (1:59:52)
Hey, we've got a listener here with us. What can we do for you? I'm like, hey, sorry, you're just, I know it looks like W-Y-R-E because it's all caps or whatever, which, know, side story, it doesn't mean anything. It just looks good capitalized. I was like, but it's actually WYRE. And they're like, thanks for the clarification. And they just went on with their business and started pronouncing it right. I was like, what sort of madness is this? It was crazy.

AJ (2:00:11)
Yeah.

So, you might not have used it, but you've heard it because Lavezzo, the shit poster, made the podcast about me and about Jeff Blevins using this. Probably shouldn't name drop him, but yeah, he made the podcast, like the three or five minute podcast about me using that.

Mike (2:00:25)
cut, yeah.

It's crazy, like even the videos you ask it to produce now based off of some prompt, just incredible. There it's like all those imperfections we used to be able to use and be like, okay, yeah, this is fake. They're slowly dissipating like every year until you just can't even tell. It's insane.

AJ (2:00:56)
What's funny is I was watching YouTube earlier and I got an ad for crypto.com and the ad itself was AI. I could kind of tell on the coloring that they used and the way that people were moving. It was like a family on a beach and it was very blue and very orange and there were no lines between the fingers or stuff like that. It just moved just a little bit off and I was like, really?

Come on guys, you have money. You could hire people for this, but it makes sense. Teller, I'm actually curious, and Mike and I were talking about this earlier, I think, with all of your support asks and stuff, do you guys incorporate an LLM, like a large language model for those people who might not know what that is?

Tyler (2:01:52)
we don't yet, but.

One of our products is actively got it in the pipeline. So we use a tool called thread to input, to intake customer requests via Slack teams and its own native instant messenger. So that's installed as an agent on our customer workstations. And so if a customer uses thread to reach out to us, it goes to an inbox. It's like a much prettier version of like a skin on a ticketing system. So instead of being in this old clunky ticketing system where they have to pretty much just email back and forth to.

users, our staff can use thread and it's like Slack. So that tool has a AI or an LLM that parses the request and categorizes it. And so it can automatically forward to the correct team. like, Hey, the network is down networking team. Got it. Hey, the server is down just to keep it simple. Right. Okay. Server team. So it does that, but in their pipeline, they're

going to integrate like a live assistant, an agent that is going to be in that tool triaging tickets. I mean, this is coming. And then I think that all the ticketing vendors, so we were at Kaseya shop. So AutoTask is our ticketing system. Kaseya is a massive part of the MSPE world. And I think it would be, it would blow my mind if they don't have a hundred devs working on that right now.

Mike (2:03:21)
Yeah. A lot of people are moving that way. I mean, I've been looking at building some augmentation for our pentesting workflow using, I talked about a little bit using rag where you can feed it your updated scans and whatever you're doing. And I can pull and create suggestions based off of the data that's coming in from your activities. There's so many use cases. mean, you can, it's unlimited. I'm just thinking about how to improve your day to day and whatever role you're in. It's insane.

Tyler (2:03:39)
Mm-hmm.

Yeah, and I think that individuals, not just business owners, not just entrepreneurs, but everybody should be thinking about how do I work with this tool in my day to day life, whether that's work or home or hobbies or whatever.

because you said it earlier, it's just an augmentation of our existing workforce and our existing resources. And you'd be crazy not to use a stone as a hammer once you saw the first of our ancestors pick up that stone and be able to do something you couldn't do. It's like, pick up that stone and use those tools. That's what makes humans.

what we are, right, is the use of tools. So when a new one comes around, it may be concerning, but I think that if you don't learn to use it early, then you'll be behind. And that goes for whatever profession, any profession.

Mike (2:04:41)
Yeah, so stop resisting, let the machines win.

Tyler (2:04:45)
It's not, know, and it's, think you definitely can take

it to the natural extreme of utopian or dystopian. But I think that I, you know, living into this moment, this day, you know, I'm not, I'm not developing AI tools and whether I have a, I don't have any influence on whether, whether it happens or it doesn't happen or we hit AGI or, or, know, some super, super intelligent version of this or we don't.

So, you know, regardless of the opinion, I think the world we live in is that we have this neat tool and just kind of kind of use it. And if it becomes our, my overlord one day, I did not contribute to that, but I did help. It did help me write some stuff.

Mike (2:05:29)
question.

AJ (2:05:33)
Let's get it

Mike (2:05:35)
I that's it, man. I think we can wrap this one. Yeah, thanks for hanging on for two hours and some change. Yeah, definitely. Thank you. It was a pleasure talking. Yeah.

Tyler (2:05:46)
It's been fun, thanks so much for having me.

AJ (2:05:50)
We'll have you back on. Maybe we'll have Mike wait at some point.

Tyler (2:05:55)
That I want that bad. He's got some amazing stories, amazing stories that we just got to get him loose. Maybe, maybe I'll bring it bourbon or something, but, I those, I want those on the record. I want them recorded somewhere. So like, this is a great form.

AJ (2:06:03)
Yeah.

Mike (2:06:03)
Hey, yeah.

Yeah, if he's a bourbon man, I'll send some bourbon special order over that way for y'all. Just let me know what he likes. I'll send it. Cool. Well, wrap us up. Mr. AJ our conclusion man.

Tyler (2:06:17)
All right, that's it.

AJ (2:06:18)
Send it to my house.

yeah. So in today's summary, we've discussed, a little bit about Tyler here with WYRE technology and what a managed service provider is. Some of the services that they provide. We discussed some common issues and basically what Mike as a penetration tester might focus on for a client of MSP or actually targeting an MSP themselves. We busted a few myths or maybe.

validated one myth as far as whether or not smaller businesses view security as a cost center or an investment and do they care about security or uptime? And then last but not least, we also got to discuss a little bit about AI, a great topic on this podcast. We should probably learn how to do stuff with it. And some of the potential use cases for MSPs, managed businesses,

or individuals themselves. If you have any questions, we will have some links down below in the description for WYRE technology, as well as some articles that we reference. And that's it for me.

Mike (2:07:38)
Alright thanks AJ, thanks Tyler, that's it for us here on C-Suite Cyber. Next time.

AJ (2:07:46)
Yay!

